Rewrite overview documentation (#45)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/user/overview/index.md

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Learn how to navigate."
lead: "Gatling Enterprise Overview"
date: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
weight: 10020
---

{{< img src="overview.png" alt="Overview" caption="Overview" >}}

## Navigation Bar

Gatling Enterprise navigation bar on the left side can be deployed using the Burger Navigation Menu button. {{< icon bars >}}

Gatling Enterprise navigation bar is composed of:

- [**Users**]({{< ref "../../admin/users" >}}), manage users teams and roles - *accessible to system admin*

> - [**Teams**]({{< ref "../../admin/teams" >}}), manage teams - *accessible to global system admin*

Reviewer: This tab is accessible to all system admin if I remember well

---
title: "Overview"
description: "Learn how to navigate."
lead: "Gatling Enterprise Overview"
date: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
lastmod: 2021-03-10T09:29:04-05:00
weight: 10020
---

{{< img src="overview.png" alt="Overview" caption="Overview" >}}

## Navigation Bar

Gatling Enterprise navigation bar on the left side can be deployed using the Burger Navigation Menu button. {{< icon bars >}}

Gatling Enterprise navigation bar is composed of:

- [**Users**]({{< ref "../../admin/users" >}}), manage users teams and roles - *accessible to system admin*
- [**Teams**]({{< ref "../../admin/teams" >}}), manage teams - *accessible to system admin*
- [**API Tokens**]({{< ref "../../admin/api_tokens" >}}), manage token to access the API - *accessible to system admin*
- [**Artifacts**]({{< ref "../artifact_conf" >}}), manage simulations artifacts - *accessible from test admin*
- [**Simulations**]({{< ref "../simulations" >}}), manage simulations, runs and reports - *accessible from viewer*
[fixme]: dedicated ips ref

> - **Dedicated IP's**, table of pools dedicated IP's- *accessible from test admin* 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Dedicated IPs**, table of dedicated IPs- *accessible from test admin* 
```
The dedicated IPs doc page has also just been merged, so you can add the link now.

> - **Dedicated IP's**, table of pools dedicated IP's- *accessible from test admin* 

Reviewer 2: There's an odd mix of "accessible to" and "accessible from". If the intention is to use "from" to mean 'including higher privilege roles", it's not obvious at all. I'd use something more explicit, like for instance:

- "accessible to system admins only"
- "accessible to test admins and system admins"
- "accessible to anyone with at least a viewer role"

---
- [**Plugins**]({{< ref "../../plugins" >}}), displaying all plugins downloads links
- **Documentation**, displaying all documentation guides, the link to the Swagger for our public API, and samples for your FrontLine tests
- **About**, current versions of Gatling Enterprise

## Navigation dropdown

> On the upper right corner, you can open a dropdown menu by clicking on the organization logo.

Reviewer 3: organization's logo

Reviewer 2: "organization logo" also works (organization used as an adjective rather than a possessive).

Navigation dropdown menu is composed of:
[fixme]: organization ref
- **Organization**, system administrators, credits and plans 
- [**Profile**]({{< ref "../profile" >}}), edit your profile and see your roles

> - **Logout**, disconnect your user

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Logout**, disconnect from your account
```

It's weird to say that the person "has a user" rather than "is a user".
